hey guys it's Branham in oven from
pocket now calm and this is the hardware
tour of the HTC hd2 the device comes
with this leather pouch which does a
really good job of protecting the device
although at first it's extremely tight
another small problem with the pouch is
that it's hard to get the device out you
can squeeze from the bottom which will
probably turn on the device accidentally
you can see that now or you can kind of
try to pull it out from the top although
there's no really no real easy way to do
this you gotta kind of force your
fingers down here and pull maybe as the
case gets a little bit looser this won't
be as big of an issue so let's take out
the device absolutely gorgeous device
every time I take it out of the case I'm
amazed over and over again let's zoom in
to the top here and talk about what we
have up here we have a proximity sensor
which will turn on and off the display
when you're on a call to the right of
that is a light sensor and to the right
of that is an LED indicator light which
is always great to have so you don't
have to turn on your device to see if
you have a new message can just glance
at it and see if there's big blinking
light here's the speaker grill and then
if we go down the phone we just see how
the screen goes from edge to edge and
there's really very little bezel on the
side so let's go down to these buttons
these buttons have a fantastic brushed
metal finish to them so I move it in the
light you'll kind of see that there are
five of them on the left is cough start
this is home start menu okay back and
this is actually the standby button they
didn't put the standby button on the top
as they've been doing for several
generations of devices now and it
actually makes a lot of sense because
now you can turn on the device with one
hand which without having to hold the
device press up here so we can tap that
and it will turn on the screen will
cover software in a future video none of
these buttons are programmable by the
way if you go into the settings you
can't change the function of any of them
let's talk a little bit more about this
screen obviously it's a capacitive
multi-touch screen which is the first
for Windows Mobile is 800 x 480
resolution which is wvga the clarity is
fantastic the the contrast is terrific
the
screen is made out of glass I know a lot
of people were asking about that in
terms of sensitivity it's not as
sensitive as the iphone it's probably
within the same realm as the HTC hero
and other HTC android devices that have
a capacitive display what's interesting
is that the screen sensitivity is not
too different than say an HTC touch pro
in fact I'd say that the hd2 has about
twenty twenty-five percent increased
screen sensitivity where you really
notice the change to capacitive is how
the screen feels of course on the touch
pro two you get a little bit of a sunken
in feel when you you press on the screen
because it's resistive it requires
pressure but on the capacitive display
since it's made out of glass you get no
sort of machinist it's a very firm
screen which feels pretty good when
you're moving around in the operating
system obviously this device doesn't
have a stylist because it is a
capacitive touchscreen and style I don't
work on capacitive touchscreens or at
least most of them that are out there
let's take a look around the rest of the
device on this side we have the volume
rocker on the bottom we have 3.5
millimeter audio which is great and a
micro USB port for charging and syncing
and this is quite a deviation from HTC's
EXT USB port which they've been using
for a really long time now but this is a
more standardized port and so we're glad
they switched and here is a microphone
on the other side there is nothing
except the little notch that you use to
open the back battery cover which is
pretty challenging by the way and up
here on the top again there is nothing a
very clean design they obviously wanted
to make it all about the screen and it
really is let's turn over to the back
and zoom in a little bit up here on the
top we have the speaker grill the 5
megapixel camera and the dual LED flash
we're going to talk about photo quality
in the upcoming review now kind of a
problem is that the edges for this
camera are extremely sharp in fact so
sharp that if you have it face it down
on a table or on its back and you move
the phone you may actually cut into the
surface a little bit if it's kind of a
soft wood texture or even something like
this very weird design having that be so
sharp hopefully it's not too big of an
issue this back battery cover is real
metal it's brushed metal and if you
moving the lighting kind of see how
beautiful it is and it says HTC and then
with HTC Sense touchflo 3d is now called
HTC Sense and as mentioned in the
unboxing this area and this area has
that nice soft rubbery feel to it so it
really feels secure in hand when you're
holding it so that was a look at the
hardware on the HTC hd2 the hardware is
absolutely beautiful the build quality
is fantastic and you know it's not so
big to wear it feels bulky in your
pocket that's the biggest surprise of
all it is very pocketable we'll be back
soon with a lot more on the HTC hd2
that's it for now